Hello, and welcome to our Easy Origami Bat video
This is a bat that is very easy to make, and would be fun on Halloween or anytime
Start with a square of origami paper with the color side up
Then make a mountain fold along the diagonal as we're showing here
Then crease that fold well
Next you're going to fold the paper in half, like this
And then unfold that last fold
Now you'll take the bottom edge and fold it up to the top
Leave about 1 cm or so of the top point visible
Fold down that top point
just like we're showing here
don't fold it all the way over
just like that
Next we're going to make a mountain fold in the piece
like this
Next make a valley fold along the line I'm showing here
So from the base of the head of the bat to the bottom of the body
Flip the piece over and do that on the other side
Again that same line
Now what we're going to do is fold this edge here onto this front edge
like this
And repeat that on the backside
Now we're going to make a valley fold along this line
and repeat that on the backside
Now all we need to do is hold the two wingtips like this
and unfold the piece gently like this
And there you have it.  Your Origami Bat is complete.
Enjoy!